Fix decoding URL in action URL Decode in Proofpoint URL Defense plugin (#764)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: proofpoint_url_defense/help.md

# Version History

> * 1.2.2 - Fix decoding URL in action URL Decode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 1.2.2 - Decode URLs which contain hxxp as the protocol in action URL Decode
```
